OTA version documentation (#3552)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/ota.rst

   performed after a failed OTA update. See :ref:`ota-on_error`.
-  **on_state_change** (*Optional*, :ref:`Automation<automation>`): An action to be
   performed when an OTA update state change happens. See :ref:`ota-on_state_change`.

> -  **version** (*Optional*, int): Version of OTA protocol to use. Version 2 is more stable. To downgrate to legacy EPSHOME device should be updated with OTA version 1 first.
>    Defaults to ``1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **version** (*Optional*, int): Version of OTA protocol to use. Version 2 is more stable.
   To downgrate to legacy ESPHome, the device should be updated with OTA version 1 first.
   Defaults to ``1``.
```

   performed after a failed OTA update. See :ref:`ota-on_error`.
-  **on_state_change** (*Optional*, :ref:`Automation<automation>`): An action to be
   performed when an OTA update state change happens. See :ref:`ota-on_state_change`.
-  **version** (*Optional*, int): Version of OTA protocol to use. Version 2 is more stable.
   To downgrade to legacy ESPHome, the device should be updated with OTA version 1 first.

>    Defaults to ``1``.

Reviewer 2: As per https://github.com/esphome/esphome/pull/6066/files#r1458250436
```suggestion
   Defaults to ``2``.
```
